Mithril update 2024-04-03 (#370)
IntersectMBO/cardano-updates: blog/2024-04-03-mithril.md

---
title: Mithril Team Update
slug: 2024-04-03-mithril
authors: jpraynaud
tags: [mithril]
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

## High level overview

> This week, the Mithril team kept implementing the certification of Cardano transactions in Mithril networks. They focused on scaling the signature and proof generation for `mainnet`, completed the implementation of a more versatile beaconing mechanism, worked on implementing an incremental storage of the transactions, and fixed the bug in the block parser that prevented some Conway transactions from being signed. Additionally, they continued working on a prototype to decentralize signer registration with the relay and a peer-to-peer (P2P) network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This week, the Mithril team continued implementing the certification of Cardano transactions in Mithril networks. They focused on scaling the signature and proof generation for `mainnet`, completed the implementation of a more versatile beaconing mechanism, worked on implementing incremental storage of transactions, and fixed the bug in the block parser that prevented some Conway transactions from being signed. Additionally, they continued working on a prototype to decentralize signer registration with the relay and a peer-to-peer (P2P) network.
```

> Finally, the team made some improvements on the internal storage of the data of the test aggregator server, and fixed a source of flakiness in the CI end-to-end test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, they enhanced the internal storage of data on the test aggregator server and addressed a source of flakiness in the CI end-to-end test.
```

## Low level overview
- Worked on the issue **Implement incremental storage of Cardano transactions in signer/aggregator** [#1591](https://github.com/input-output-hk/mithril/issues/1591)
- Completed the issue **Support multiple beacon types in signer/aggregator** [#1562](https://github.com/input-output-hk/mithril/issues/1562)
- Worked on the issue **Mithril relay broadcasts signer registrations with P2P PubSub** [#1587](https://github.com/input-output-hk/mithril/issues/1587)
- Completed the issue **Provide fake aggregator data in an aggregated form** [#1594](https://github.com/input-output-hk/mithril/issues/1594)
- Completed the issue **Some transactions are not signed in `testing-sanchonet`** [#1577](https://github.com/input-output-hk/mithril/issues/1577)
- Completed the issue **End to end tests are flaky in CI** [#1558](https://github.com/input-output-hk/mithril/issues/1558)

> - Completed the issue **`npm` publication fails in Release workflow** [#1595](https://github.com/input-output-hk/mithril/issues/1595)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Completed the issue **`npm` publication fails in the release workflow** [#1595](https://github.com/input-output-hk/mithril/issues/1595)
```
